Update the code snippet in the Navigate from Button KB (#2271)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/common-navigate-from-button.md

>caption Open a new browser window from a button

````CSHTML
@inject NavigationManager NavManager
@inject IJSRuntime JS

<TelerikButton OnClick="@OnButtonClick">Navigate to telerik.com in the same window</TelerikButton>

<br />

> <TelerikButton OnClick="@OnButtonClickAsync">Navigate to telerik.com with IJSRuntime in a new window</TelerikButton>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TelerikButton OnClick="@OnButtonClickAsync">Navigate to telerik.com in a new window using JSInterop </TelerikButton>
```
